but for Birmingham six Jackson five all
miscarriages of justice Navin came
within a forged confession of the
travesty that was the hanging of Derek
Bentley and what compensation er is
family to get according to the Daily
Mail a big fat zero not even enough to
buy Jack Straw son a 10 quid wrap we
sent our rogue documentary maker Paul
Ghana to see how easy it is to frame the
wrong man
Britain's judicial system as once the
envy of the modern world but
high-profile miscarriage of justice
cases have tarnished his reputation I've
come here to Nottingham to speak to the
victims that the Lord tried to hide
I've got your report on people have been
put in prison you know wrongly accused
and put in prison I mean basically I
haven't got time to go and speak to
people involved with you know you know
been inside and that and you know I
don't think it's really that necessary
either what I'd like to do is only take
two minutes is make out that you are a
policeman and that you were involved in
a case is that legal
yeah it's fine yeah and they've got me
to basically this guy was found with
loads of int animal literature around
his house you know yeah there's quite a
big thing for me absolutely not I
wouldn't I wouldn't ask you to do it if
it was definitely tell me of your
experiences please basically I was
accused of doing something they never
did and I was punished for it what was
the crime I was accused killing the
beagle Chile Nevada that's correct but I
gather from your tattoos that you are ng
animal what does your tattoo say there
it says dogs piss off but this sorting
has to be done though because this is
sort of thing that they expect in these
report you know that we've actually done
some kind of undercover work and you
know done more than we should have done
so it looks good on us a lot yeah okay
ah choo choo choo choo
being so fucking clever does yes helps
out a lot if you could make out you were
one of the Grantham Flyers you know I'll
tell you exactly what to say illiterate
slave taillight two minutes
is that all right great cheers me I
gather you were picked on rather
savagely by two inmates in Wormwood
Scrubs weren't you what were the names
Charlie had Masha Hodges and a
understand a peacock vision you wrote a
rather moving entry on the day that your
attack would you mind reading it first
sure hadn't must approach me today it
was awful
he came over and said you won't stop
talking why don't he give it a rest
we've got more rabbit than Sainsbury's
this time you got it off your chest and
that must have really shaken you up yeah
terrified this is your money to make the
appeal to the government so really go
for it like you know swear at them and
say what you think of them that you were
jailed and you didn't do nothing really
give them a hard time off you go wrongly
accuse are doing fuckhole really angry
you're the fucking fellow worse after me
won't you put yourself in my position
for once in your fucking life
I used to say things like this couldn't
happen in Britain but that was then this
is now and it has so they were wrong
these people I have spoken to have
suffered for no reason and that can't be
right this is Paul Donna in Nottingham
you